At first the random user api website (https://randomuser.me/) was used to fetch the information of it, 
to do this the JSON file was converted into Java classes where for each object in the JSON there is a seperate class
and for the list there is an array list. 
basically, the 1st class  "Name" class where inside it is the following properties, and all of their types are String:
1. String title;
2.  String first;
3.  String last;

The 2nd class is "Location"where inside it is the following properties and all of their data type is string and all of them has getters and settrs:
1. String city;
2. String state;
3. String country;
4. String postcode;

The 3rd class is "street" with the following properties and data types and all of their getters and setters :
1.  int number;
2.  String name;

The 4th class is "Coordinates" with all of their data types being string and all of their properties having getters and setters:
1. String latitude;
2. String longitude;

The 5th class is "Timezone" with all of their data types being string and all of their properties having getters and setters:
1. String offset;
2. String description;

The 6th class is "login" with all of their data types being string and all of their properties having getters and setters:

1. String uuid;
2. String username;
3. String password;
4. String salt;
5. String md5;
6. String sha1;
7.String sha256;

The 7th class is "dob" with the following properties and data types, all of the properties has getters and setters:
1. String date;
2.int age;

The 8th class is "registered" with the following properties and data types, all of the properties has getters and setters:
1. String date;
2. int age;

The 9th class is "id" with all their properties being String and the following properties with their getters and setters:
1. String name;
2. String value;

The 10th class is "picture" with all their properties being String and the following properties with their getters and setters:
1. String large;
2. String medium;
3. String thumbnail;

The 11th class is the "info" class with the following poperties and data types and with their getters and setter:
1. String seed;
2. int results;
3. int page;
4.String version;

The "results" class is the main class and it is a list where inside it is the following properties amd data type with their getters and setters:
1. String gender;
2.  String email;
3.  String phone;
4.  String cell;
5.  String nat;

6. Coordinates coordinates;
7. Dob dob;
8. Id IdO;
9.  Info info;
10.  Location location;
11.  Login login;
12. Name name;
13. Picture picture;
14. Registered regoster;
15.  Street street;
16.  Timezone timezone;

This class has all of the objects since it is a list.

The finall class which is  "Unkown" and it is the main class where inside it is the "results " array list and the "info" class with its getters and setter.

After that the GSON.jar file has been downloaded to convert 
Next the other classes such as (API, HedRequest, HttpClient , fileBodyHandler and GetRequest) was created to connect between the Internet to fetch the data,
In the GetRequest class a new object for the GSON has been created then the "fromJson"to conert from JSON format to the string format .
After that the main class has been added which is the "MainRun" and inside it is the function for the main menue , 
then 5 cases has been added where the first the multiple user where it is connected with the "MultipleUser" class where 
in the url parameter accepts only 5 values for each user. In the case2 wich is the pagination . the 3rd case is the random password generator where it is connected with the 
"RandomPassword" , and the password is a combination of letters uppercase and lower case with the special charecters such as the 
bracket, punctionation and etc..
The 4th case is the seed wich is connected with the seed class. the finall case wich is 5 is the closing system

	